[TT-17055] docs: update references for deprecated repos (#2033)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: advanced-configuration/websockets.mdx

## WebSocket Example

> We are going to set up Tyk with a WebSocket proxy. Set up Tyk using our Docker [guide](/advanced-configuration/websockets.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are going to set up Tyk with a WebSocket proxy. Set up Tyk using our Docker [guide](/tyk-self-managed/install/docker).
```

> We are going to set up Tyk with a WebSocket proxy using our [Tyk Install](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-install) installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are going to set up Tyk with a WebSocket proxy. Set up Tyk using our Docker [guide](/advanced-configuration/websockets.mdx).
```
